Document how to use labels (#101)
swift-server/swift-prometheus: Sources/Prometheus/Docs.docc/labels.md

# Use Labels in Swift Prometheus

> Learn about the benefits and gotchas of using Labels in Prometheus.

Author: ```suggestion
Learn how to use Labels in Prometheus, the benefits of doing so, and how to avoid common mistakes.
```

> Learn about the benefits and gotchas of using Labels in Prometheus.

Reviewer: might read nicer
```suggestion
Learn how to use Labels in Prometheus, the benefits of doing so, and how to avoid common mistakes
```

> metric's name its label and they call a metric's labels dimensions. In this article, when we 
> refer to labels, we mean the additional properties that can be added to a metrics name.
>
> | Framework     | Metric name | Additional infos |
> |---------------|-------------|------------------|
> | swift-metrics | `label`     | `dimensions`     |
> | Prometheus    | `name`      | `labels`         |

Please be aware that the ``PrometheusCollectorRegistry`` will create a seperate metric for each 
unique label pair, even though the metric name might be the same. This means that in the example 
below, we will have two independent metrics: 

```swift
let counter200 = registry.makeCounter(name: "http_responses_total", labels: ["code": "200"])
let counter400 = registry.makeCounter(name: "http_responses_total", labels: ["code": "400"])

// handling response code
swift responseCode {
case .ok:
  counter200.increment()
case .badRequest:
  counter400.increment()
default:
  break
}
```

> Important: Please note, that all metrics with the same name, **must** use the same label names. 

Prometheus requires that for the same metric name all labels names must be the same. Swift 

> Prometheus ensures that by crashing, if the label names or the metric type does not match a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prometheus enforces this by crashing if the label names or the metric type does not match a 
```
